{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang2057\deflangfe2057{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fmodern\fprq1\fcharset0 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul\f0\fs22 Test  5 RTF document headline\par
\ulnone This document is based on MS Word. Round Two of the2010 UEM Ladies and Youth Championships saw the team travelling to the Naturlandia  winter  La Rabassa Ski Holiday Complex  8 km above the Ski Village of  Saint Julia de Loria in Andorra .\par
Arriving in the paddock Wednesday night to heavy rain and very cold conditions the team had to wait until 13.00Thursday to set up their team awning alongside the many other teams in the Main working paddock in readiness for the forthcoming youth and ladies European Championships  on Saturday 12 June 2010.\par
Thursday arrived and outside the awning torrential rain fell. By 14.30 the rain had stopped and the team  were in their allocated place and set up in the paddock with the British flag-The Union Jack- flying above the teams Mercedes blue and yellow  truck.\f1\par
\f0  The remainder of Thursday was  spent \ldblquote setting up\rdblquote  bike jets etc on Ladies  European Championship contender Joanne Cole\rdblquote s ICE VALLEY ACE  Gas Gas  and team mates Youth UEM Championship contender  Bradley Cox\rquote s  ACE  125 gas gas . \f1\par
\f0 Andy Cox. Brads dad, is a walking Gas Gas Manual and it is fantastic that the team now enjoy its own \ldblquote in-house\rdblquote  Factory Kev.   As Andy made the various changes to the machines, Joanne watched every change to her bikes set-ups studiously over his shoulder ,asking questions and listening carefully to their answers. \f1\par
\f0 ACE Trials Team new comer Nikita  Smith arrived at 15.00 and with  her ACE gas gas machine perfect from the word \ldblquote go\rdblquote ,  Nikita  concentrated on settling herself into her new environment and allowed her body to adjust to the high altitude as her team mates remained in and out of the awning, up and down to the practice area , on their bikes.\par
By 18.00 as other rival machines continued to prep their bikes to get maximum performance, all the Gas Gas  bikes were running perfectly and the riders, Mark , Marcus and Andy, were feeling  very confident in the gas gas machines final set-ups.\par
Friday was again a very wet  start to the day with scattered heavy showers throughout. At 09.30 the sun tried to come out but it was still cold and overcast It was dry for Joanne, Brad and Nikita when they left the paddock on their bikes at 10.00 until 13.00 to participate in the scheduled practice session.  Returning with the bikes performance \ldblquote spot-on\rdblquote  it was a quick lunch stop and not a long wait , until the very wet section inspection as in the middle of section inspection from 13.00 to 17.00 again the heavens opened.  Technical and administration controls were then at 18.00. With an 09.00 start for Nikita Saturday, as first rider away , the team enjoyed a sociable evening in the awning, retiring for the night, and emptying the awning of its many guests who had come to collect their start times which were posted on the ACE team awning by the professional ACU Steward Mick Wren  at 22.00. By 22.30 everyone had left and  all ACE members were in their beds and looking forward to the competition ahead.\par
Saturday started for the team with a 07.30 \ldblquote wake up\rdblquote  call with clear blue skies and glorious sunshine. \par
\par
By 08.15 Nikita, Brad and Joanne had breakfasted and showered and were on their bikes  in and around the paddock getting in some late minute practicing and making sure the bikes were still \ldblquote set-up\rdblquote  right in the new much drier and  hotter weather conditions.  \par
With bright sunshine overhead and 2 laps of 12 very challenging sections waiting, everyone was \ldblquote on a high\rdblquote  at the ACE camp. At 09.00 riding on bib number 32 and supported by her dad/minder Andy Smith, (Nikita was by far the youngest rider in her class, as well as the first rider to ride onto the large stage) she confidently collected her punch card from the organisers on podium as her team mates Joanne and Brad and the other team members present watched on in bright sunshine in front of the podium.\par
 (ACE Youth A rider Tom Dexter had sent a message wishing his team mates \ldblquote good Luck\rdblquote  earlier in the morning and stated that he was gutted he could not be there with them due to his GCSE exams)  \par
As the clock changed to 09.01, Nikita rode of the stage and joined her dad and they rode to section one.  Starting her punch card with a confident \ldblquote clean\rdblquote  Nikita then went to sections 2,3 and 4 that were  set over large rocks and near the Friday practice area in the woods. Every sections consisted of very long technical routes.  \par
Sections 5 & 8 were all set in a gulley in very deep streams which were fast flowing and trying to break its banks due to the heavy rain over the previous few days. The course took the riders right up the middle of the river which was very long and difficult with many riders falling off resulting in a very cold soaking. (Jack Challoner smashed his  wheel here Sunday). \par
Nikita rode up all these river sections confidently appearing at the ends card dry and smiling both laps. Nikita was the only International class rider to clean one of these sections on lap two to a huge round of applause.  \par
Sections 9-11 were the same as sections 1-4,very technical and in the forest  over large rocks and Nikita had some cracking rides here too. \par
Section 12 was the closest to the paddock being set at the end of the podium straight. Finishing lap one in Joint third place but having taken over three hours Nikita and Andy started lap two accompanied by their Team Manager, with only had one hour and twenty five minutes to complete the last lap.\par
 Putting in another fantastic lap and finishing with minutes to spare Nikita returned to the finish/start area and handed in her punch card with a score of 22.  With no time penalties this meant that Nikita on a total loss of 49 had secured her first international podium finish in only her second event for the team abroad and was only an incredibly 2 marks of second place French 15 year old rider Bounioi. \par
A smiling Nikita accepted her trophy and flowers on third place. As the organisers did not have their loud speakers working to play the winners National Anthem it was very quiet until, the winner of the class did not arrive at the podium on time, so a smiling cheeky 12 year old Nikita stood on the top spot of the podium to experience      \par
1. what is to come    and       \par
2.  See in advance what the view was like at the top, to the delight of the crowd.  \par
Bouniol  in second place then joined Nikita at the top of the podium after instruction from her supporters in the crowd. Immediately the professional cameras flashed as the media guys all ran forward ,as the crowd cheered and a great atmosphere was created by Nikita     \par
The next ACE team rider called onto the podium was Joanne Coles at 09.14. \par
iding on bib number 4 Joanne as always was  working with her minder/father Paul who himself was a Midlands Champion. This winning partnership is so successful that they are currently leading the 2010 British Ladies Championships on the 125 ACE  ICE VALLEY  GG , having won every round on home soil after moving into the class for 2010. \par
Having also broken a ladies world podium that has stood for years, Joanne has been securing constant third place podiums this and last season in both the UEM and FIM Championships whilst supported by her dad Paul as minder and her number one supporter granddad Clive (also known as Clifford in the ACE camp) .\par
 It was hoped at the start of this event that Joanne\rquote s recent SSDT experience with ACE team minder /Assistant Manager Chris Kilhams would enhance her riding even more . Securing a first lap score of 14 marks lost- equal second place- Joanne returned at the end of lap two to hand in her punch card of an incredible 6 marks lost , 20 marks in total. \par
As the whole team stood and discussed the days events in front of the scoreboard Joanne Coles\rquote  name  was heard over the tanoy and she was asked to report to the organisers. Within seconds  ACU representative Mick Wren was by her side and walking with her to the office. It transpired not to be a major problem at all, As the team waited, already aware of the score on Joanne\rquote s punch card her name appeared on the score board in a fantastic 2nd place meaning she had moved up the podium through the support of her family, ICE VALLEY WATER , her team mates, her country and the very generous team sponsors.  \par
This talented  17 year old young lady from Stoney Middleton, known as \ldblquote The Ace up Britain\rquote s Sleeve\rdblquote  for good reason ,was only 5 marks behind 25 year old Laia on Lap two and Joanne is surely destined to follow in the footsteps of the great Doug Lampkin becoming the next  Championship World Champion this country has and this is getting people very excited.\par
Third ACE Trials team rider away from the start area was discovered late in 2009 by Marcus Shirley and introduced to Ace Manager Mark Kilhams. 15 year old  Bradley Cox from Oxford on his 125 ACE GG is now  representing the team and working with Marcus Shirley as his ACE minder. (Marcus\rquote  minding skills helped secure many world podiums for very talented GG rider Ross Danby). \par
Competing against the best of the worlds Youth A\rquote s, this calm Youth B rider had a bad start scoring a maximum but after that was riding very technical sections confidently resulting in him  lying 7th at the end of lap One when he handed his punch card in on 18 marks lost. \par
Returning at the end of lap two on an amazing 11 marks lost, Brad finished the day on a total of 29, in his second only event abroad.  Brad secured 8th place \ldblquote Second Best British Performance in the class\rdblquote , moving up 7 places from his first UEM round position in Italy last month.-INCREDIBLE  FOR SOMEONE WHO HAS ONLY BEEN ON A MOTORBIKE FOR THREE YEARS. \par
At the end of the trial Brad said  \ldblquote  I started the trial with an unlucky 5 but I put it to the back of my head and got on with the job, listening to the advice of my minder Marcus. We soon pulled some marks back with a few brilliant rides up the fast flowing river. Overall I finished 8tth which is not bad but I want to do better. I would like to thank Mark for my place on the team and Marcus for his hard work and advice.  Last but not least all the sponsors for all their invaluable help which keeps this team going\rdblquote\f1 .\par
\f0 Saturday night was CELEBRATION night for ACE with two podiums and an incredible 8th secured and also time to relax for all the other Youth Brits in the paddock. At 08.00 local time all the British Youth, Ladies and Championships riders went down into a Restaurant/Bar in the village to watch the \ldblquote shocking\rdblquote  performance of the British National Football  team against America...(.if only we got their salaries for the performances and results they get). \par
Although not involved in the adult UEM Championship on Sunday  it was nice that the ACE awning was able to \ldblquote house\rdblquote  some of the bikes overnight of fellow \ldblquote Brits\rdblquote  in the Italian  the Top Trials Team as TTT had not taken their big truck and awning to the event.\par
ACE would like to thank all their sponsors listed below for their continued support to the teams young riders. These riders who are without doubt the future Champions this country will have  are very much helped through the support that is offered by the team sponsors. It is extremely hard to secure interest and sponsorship and extremely rare for sponsors to become so involved that they organise trials events.\par
Team Manager Mark Kilhams said at the end of the event \ldblquote  This has been a brilliant event for everyone associated to ACE Trials team. We have a fantastic 2010 squad, it is mega .They all work together and support each other and there is no nastiness at all. They and their families are all giving 100 per cent support to the team and each other. This is reflected in all their improving results. I knew the SSDT would help Joanne and her step up on podium today although she was not keen to enter it and today has proved that Joanne is mentally stronger from her SSDT ride. I am concerned that a minority of people associated to our sport are stating that the UEMs are not important. There are also a lot of negative comments associated to the different FIM rules at the moment. What we need to do is listen to the Top Boys who are on the front line. All this negativity is not good for securing interest and sponsorship from sponsors outside our sport who do research before committing to  trials.  Jake Miller is doing a fantastic job pushing the sport forward into the media and it cant help him if people are stating  that they believe that the UEM Championships are not important .This will only lower interest in the sport ,entries and  thus revenue. The UEM classes are confusing \ldblquote yes- but  the sections in Andorra this weekend  were extremely technical and were some of the trickiest of the 2009 or 2010 FIM and UEM Championships.  All Championships are essential and should be entered if you are to progress and are a serious trials Championship contender.  UEMs are a fantastic grounding for Youth riders. In UEM Championships you can compete at 12 years old . This gives our up and coming young British riders 4 years experience competing abroad  to become mentally strong and fit in readiness for the 16 year old age tag associated to the FIM Championships. These four years are invaluable.  17 year old Joanne Coles  is the best female rider this country has ever had.  Joanne has competed in, with support from ACE ,  Europeans since the end of 2007. Joanne competed in her first FIM Ladies Championship at the age of 16 in Andorra and she secured a fantastic World PODIUM.  2010 ACE team member Nikita Smith is 12 years old and in her first year competing in the UEMs with the team. Nikita has  improved tremendously mentally in her performance abroad and this should help her standings in the Youth B Championships at home too .  By the time Nikita is 16 and entering the FIM Championships she will, like team mate Joanne, be settled and totally confident representing her country when she crosses the water. UEM sections can be harder than FIM sections. Ideally UEM and FIM Championships would be run alongside each other ( Women and Youth UEM Friday/Adults UEM Saturday/FIM Sunday). JST Gas Gas rider and current British Trials Champion James Dabill, along with Micheal Brown and now Jack Challoner and Alexz Wigg have all chased  all the UEM titles from young ages through to adulthood and these are the best riders in Britain and in the world today. To remain at the top of your class and at your most competitive at home you have to compete abroad  in as many  Championships as you can. It is very expensive and if finance or time away is the issue I  completely understand and I am not addressing this to you,  but to not enter as you feel they are not important is unforgiveable. Your undermining the UEM Champions and I have seen \ldblquote first hand and up very close\rdblquote  over the past four years  the skill, effort and time that goes into securing  UEM Championship  podiums, from ACE TRIALS TEAM past UEM podium finishers  Jonny Walker, Katy Bullock and current team members Nikita and Joanne to James Dabill,  Becky Cook and  Micheal Brown. To become a  European Champion in any class is a fantastic achievement. I really hope people start entering them again\rdblquote\f1 .\par
\par
\f0 ACE Trials Teams valued Sponsors Tim and Sue Reynolds of TRC  made the move to supporting trials in the last few years from sponsoring other sports previously. Tim and wife Sue have become so involved in our sport that they are now running The Best Of British Indoor Trial on 3rd and 4th July 2010 . All the countries top boys and ACE TRIALS TEAM will be there. For more information log onto {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "www.bestofbritishindoortrials.co.uk"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 www.bestofbritishindoortrials.co.uk}}}\f0\fs22 . It is a fact that most Sponsors like to get something back from sponsorship, either advertising or free training days. All Tim and Sue are asking for is BUMS ON SEATS on the 3rd and 4th July so please support them as they support our sport.\par
TEAM SPONSORS\par
James Smith \ldblquote  ICE VALLEY WATER \ldblquote  Bike\par
Mark Eley \ldblquote  RENAULT Truck and Trailer Care NEWARK \ldblquote  All the teams ferry fares\par
                                                                                                     -Portsmouth-Santanda\par
                                                                                                    -Dover-Caslais\par
Sue and TIM Reynolds \ldblquote TRC \ldblquote Trucks Diesel\par
Mark Ingleby-Feridax off road\par
SIDI Boots\par
AIROH HELMETS\par
EXID/shot clothing\par
DANGER uk \ldblquote Bike Grahics\par
Woody-HOPE Shitshifter\par
Rob Sheldon \ldblquote PUTOLINE oils and filters\par
DUNLOP tyres\par
Mansfiield Maun MCC\par
ALAN KETLEY-Financial\par
Bob Adams \ldblquote Financial\par
Ian Shankie=AQUAWASH\par
Malc  \ldblquote ACE Sports-Stavely\par
For more information on ACE TRIALS team please log  onto the link to our website at the top of this report of contact the Team Manager \ldblquote Mark Kilhams at acetrialsteam@hotmail.com\par
Words by Sophie Kilhams\par
          \par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\pard\f2\fs21\par
}
 