{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Courier New;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\lang2057\ul\b\f0\fs22 Round 5 of the Ladies BTC\ulnone\b0\par
\par
Round five of the Ladies BTC and Round Six of the A and B Youth BTC saw the lads and lassies in the 2010 ACE TRIALS TEAM squad travelling in different directions this weekend to represent their families and team.\par
\par
Nikita and Joanne found themselves heading to Otley , North of Leeds to compete in Round five of the Ladies BTC, the Women and Girls trial,  hosted by Yeadon Guisley DMC Limited at their famous Dobb Park venue. Whilst Tom and Brad went south to Wales.\par
\par
The Ladies BTC consisted of  15 well thought out sections over exposed roots and  following menagerie turns through the woodland sections. It was obvious from the start that points  lost and were going to be difficult to make back. \par
\par
First ACE lady away from the start area was 12 year old  Nikita Smith on her new ACE gas gas 125  in the Youth B Class which she moved up into this year.\par
\par
Putting in some mega rides Nikita, working with minder/father Andy posted a first lap score of just 5 marks lost putting her in first place and several marks ahead of  her nearest rival.  \par
\par
After another fantastic second lap score of 6 marks lost  Nikita  finished lap two still in first place and on a total loss of 11 marks lost. \par
\par
On her third lap Nikita looked to have secured her second ? win? of the year in the Youth B class but when her chain came of in section 5- just  2 feet from the ends gate as she caught it on a rock  Nikita realised that she had  lost the top spot on the podium by just one single mark.\par
\par
Nikita immediately asked her Manager and parents if she can still win the 2010 YOUTH B class title if she wins all the remaining rounds. When informed that it is still possible a smiling cheeky  Nikita said ? I am disappointed with second place today as I am riding really well at the moment and thought I had secured my second 1st place of the year. I am still fighting for the title- I just have to make sure I win the remaining rounds ? No pressure on me then!!!!?\par
\par
\par
Last  lady away from the start area due to the fact that she is  leading the 2010 Ladies BTC and someone who needs no introduction was -Joanne Coles. \par
\par
This young women has become known as ?The Ace Up Britain?s Sleeve?.\par
\par
Having just celebrated  her 18th Birthday with the team and Trials Central whilst competing  in, and secured points in  her first  Men?s  FIM  SPEA World Round last weekend in Scotland , Joanne needed a win at Dobb Park on her ICE VALLEY ACE  125 gas gas machine. \par
\par
Working quietly and professionally with her father/minder Paul,  Joanne cleaned all but two sections on lap one finishing with a first lap score of an unbelievable 2 marks and  in first place on the Championship route. \par
\par
With a few problems on lap two Joanne and Paul returned at the end of this lap having lost 4 marks that lap and quickly realised that they were now lying  in EQUAL first place, on a total of  6 marks lost.\par
\par
Cleaning section after section Joanne and Paul returned from their final lap on a brilliant repeat score of  just 2 marks lost and a total loss of the day of 8 marks lost. \par
\par
Maybe due to their recent experience of competing  in the Men?s FIM World Round last weekend both Joanne?s and Becky?s performances this weekend were in a class of their own -close to perfect all day. \par
\par
With both losing 8 in total at the end of the day, it was down to the ?most cleans? rule. \par
\par
Securing a brilliant  30 cleans Joanne  had to concede to her first second place podium this year in the ladies BTC as Becky had secured 31 cleans . \par
\par
At the end of the trial Joanne said only a few words to her Manager Mark .  ? I am very disappointed - it is a good result for Becky?.\par
\par
With the British Youth A & B Championships being hosted by Pontypool & DMMC at Cwrt Henllys Farm Tom Dexter and Bradley Cox had an earlier start to their Sunday than their team mates Joanne and Nikita  as the lads  had to travel to Wales to represent the team and compete in the Challenge Lusky A & B  British Youth Trials Championship .\par
\par
With rain forecast for the end of the day and a very long course of  3 miles consisting of 12 very technical sections  it was obvious that scores were going to be high, especially  in the A Class . All the sections were challenging, requiring precise riding and  mainly set along streams and banks with slippery exposed roots and log hazards to overcome. \par
\par
ACE Youth B rider  15 year old  Brad Cox from Oxford  working with his new ACE minder Marcus Shirley was first away from the start representing the team.\par
\par
Brad had his usual bad start to his day when on his first lap he recorded a maximum on section 2.  Brad knew  he had to forget this and move on. He put this maximum immediately behind him and finished the rest of the lap losing only 4 more marks. This shows such strength mentally and a lot of riders are not able to do this. This meant that Brad had recorded a higher lap one score than he had intended with a total loss for the lap of  9 marks lost. \par
\par
With rain starting to fall and conditions getting harder Brad followed his first lap score of 9 with a second lap score of 1 mark lost.  A single dab at the end of the lap on section 11 meant Brad handed in his punch card on a total loss for  lap two of an incredible 1 mark lost.\par
\par
Brad and Marcus knew they had it all to play for. Posting an incredible clean third lap Brad was on fire, until, in the last section,  he had to concede two dabs. Completing a brilliant days riding on a total loss of 12 marks lost.\par
\par
Finishing  in a very respectable second place and on the podium again in the Youth B Class - and this only his third year ever on a trials bike. \par
\par
At the end of the trial Brad said  ?I knew that the maximum on Section 2 - Lap One cost me the YOUTH B win today but I put it behind me or I would have lost more places.  I knew I could not make any more mistakes. I really wanted to win today as that would have meant I would have a chance at the Youth B 2010 title in my first year with the team. I would like to thank Marcus and my dad for their support today and the team and sponsors for their continued support. I wish my team mates Joanne and Tom good fortune next week in the FIM Championships in France and I am looking forward to when we are all competing again as a full team in the next European Championship next month.?\par
\par
\par
Last Ace rider to report on this weekend but by no means least was second to last man away  in Wales at 10.46am ,16 year old  ACE gas gas Youth  A  rider Tom Dexter accompanied by his minder Chris Kilhams. \par
\par
Putting in some solid rides throughout the lap Tom handed in his punch card with a first lap score of 29 marks lost.   \par
\par
With the Youth A route being very challenging and with heavy rain now falling Tom managed to better his first lap score of 29 by 10 marks finishing  lap two on 19 marks lost. \par
\par
Section 2 on lap two Tom had the ride of his trial.  Section 2 was the hardest section of the day and was set along a stream with tricky exposed fallen trees and slippery angled root hazards to overcome. Many of the entry were faulting in the section but  Tom on laps two and three got through for single dabs and almost secured a clean on lap three.\par
\par
 With another solid third lap score of 26 Tom finished the day on a total loss of 74 and in 5th position on the day and in the 2010 Youth A Championship.\par
\par
Tom said at the end of the trial ? I had a steady day. It was very wet and the sections got a lot harder.  I got the points I need to keep my position in the Youth A Championship standings. I would like to thank everyone in the team, my teammates and all the team sponsors for their support, especially my mum and dad . It?s been a hard few months for me but I had my last exam Friday so I am now looking forward to concentrating on my riding. The first step to this is that I am hoping to compete in the Men?s FIM World round this weekend?.\par
\par
Team Manager Mark Kilhams said at the end of the trial ?There is a really positive attitude throughout the whole team this year. Joanne and Nikita are riding really well but had bad luck today. The trouble is Nikita and Joanne have worthy rivals in their respective classes. This is essential for their progressive development abroad and at home. They need to be challenged in every round, knowing their main rival can beat them. However, like today it does mean if you are not careful you can lose. This competition every event is what brings you on over the year. They both moved up a step on each on their respective UEM podiums in Andorra last month when Joanne secured  a fantastic 2nd to Laia and Nikita secured  3rd  in her second UEM ever entered. This demonstrates  the real talent these two girls have. Joanne and Nikita have both stated to me today they now want to concentrate on winning and move forward but as I told themboth at the end of the trial today   - I am ordering two big LONG wooden sticks in time for the next Ladies BTC round anyway !!   Tom and Brad are also securing top podium positions this year and I am very pleased with their attitude towards the team. Brad is making real progress and has set tongues wagging in the Lads Youth classes. .He listens to all the advise given and is eager to succeed but unfortunately he always has a bad start to his days riding through nerves. This is something Marcus and Brad are working on and is the difference between first and second place for Brad. Tom has had a hard time due to the pressure of exams as well as wanting to always do his best for the team. He wants to be out practicing with his team mates all the time but I told him he needed  to concentrate on his education for the past few months. He has now finished his GCSE?s and so it is all systems go for Tom now regarding the team.  Tom has real potential. I see a lot of qualities in him that our top British riders have. With him finishing his exams this week we have entered Tom in this weekends Men?s FIM SPEA World Round in France. His first. Its all good news regarding ACE TRIALS TEAM. We have a really good team this year. They are all supporting each other and working together and this is leading  to fantastic results like the THREE SECOND places we achieved this week that will soon be firsts..?\par
\par
\par
ACE would like to thank all their valued sponsors listed below for their continued and invaluable support to the teams young talented riders. If you feel that you could help raise the profile of up and coming British trials riders and would like to become an important  part of the only British Motorcycle Trials Team, please contact us either through the website at the top of this page or at acetrialsteam@hotmail.com.\par
\par
The team are of to France tomorrow for the FIM SPEA World Championships in France.  To follow Joanne?s and Toms progress log onto our report on Trials Central and read the ACE FIM SPEA REPORT next weekend.\par
\par
Many Thanks to\par
James Smith ? Joanne?s ICE VALLEY WATER bikes.\par
Mark Eley ? RENAULT Truck and Trailer Care ? NEWARK\par
Rob Sheldon ? PUTOLINE OILS and FILTERS\par
Mark Ingleby ? FERIDAX off road\par
AIROH Helmets\par
SIDI Boots\par
EXID Clothing\par
JST Gas Gas uk\par
Terry and Linda Crabtree -Mansfield Maun MCC\par
DUNLOP Tyres\par
DANGER uk ? Bike Graphics\par
Malc Kershaw ? ACE SPORTS ? Stavely\par
Alan Ketley\par
Bob Adams - ISO 9001 Consultant\par
Woody ? HOPE Shitshifter\par
Ian Shankie ? AQUAWASH- Jetwashers\par
Dave Leggett\par
\par
Words by Sophie Kilhams\par
Team events/media coordinator\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
}
 